"The fastest way to get results is to build on what you have."
"Never loose touch with your trade."

[resume, cover letter, LinkedIn profile]

https://blog.pentesterlab.com/writing-a-good-resume-15eb9832e425
Resume include
1) header - name contact without any heading
2) career statement without any heading
3) profile summary - that matches the job description/required skill/roles-n-responsibilities/experience required.
4) employment history (term+roles)
2016 – Till Date with <company>
Role:
• 
5) Certification
6) Technical Skills (in tabular-Commercial tools, open source tools, Web dev, scripting languages)
7) Education
8) Personal Details




My Profile [acquire beginner level skill]
==========
•	More than 2 years of experience in CyberSecurity with good knowledge in web app, web services,thick client.
• Experienced in White and Black Box Vulnerability assessments and Penetration Testing of applications.
• Strong understanding of OWASP TOP 10 and SANS TOP 25 application security guidelines. && Secure SDLC??
• In-depth understanding of vulnerabilities, exploit techniques and remediation measures.
• Knowledge on commercial tools such as Burpsuite Professional and WebInspect.
•	Hands on experience in different types of open source security tools like nmap, SQLmap, Wireshark, Metasploit.
•	Familiar with penetration testing OS like Kali Linux.XXXXXXXXX
• Good understanding of Session management, SQL injection, Cross-Site Scripting, Authentication and Authorization vulnerabiltiies as well as knowledge of vulnerabilities specific to PHP, ASP.NET and JAVA applications.
• Exposure to secure code review as well as security testing of Mobile applications(android and iOS).
• Ability to explain findings to technical as well as non-technical professionalsXXXXXX
• Excellent report writing and presentation skillsXXXXXX
• Able to work independently and also as part of a team.XXXXXX



Roles and responsibilties
=========================
My_OWN
•	Gathering pre-requisites.
•	Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing of internal as well as external web applications, web services and thick client applications in Production and Non-production environments.
•	Reporting and providing recommendations for the vulnerabilities detected.
•	Reviewing reports.
•	Assist the development team to understand the vulnerability and fixes.
•	Retesting the fix before deployment in production environment.

Build it with reference to someone else's

Interesting Profile Summaries
=============================

MY_OWN
Application Security (Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing)









Interesting Job Descriptions
============================

Kali Linux, Nessus, Metasploit, Nmap, BurpSuite Proxy, Wireshark, Kismet, etc.
Awareness of new released open-source tools and exploits.scripting languages such as Python, Perl, Powershell, bash etc. CEH, GIAC, CISSP, GPEN, CEPT, LPT, CPT, OSCP
Network - Knowledge of TCP/IP protocols and networking architectures. databases, applications, and web server design and implementation, security and IT standards, such as PCI DSS v3.0 & NIST SP800 



Experience of 0-4 years, resulting in:
Strong knowledge of security vulnerabilities and remediation as listed in standards like OWASP, SANS, etc.
Thorough understanding of threat modelling and security methodologies
+ Strong understanding of application security controls, authentication methodologies, OAuth, LDAP, SSO, role based security, and cryptography
Proficiency in using static and dynamic analysis tools such as Burp Suite Pro, Checkmarx.
+ Fluency in common web technologies and protocols, including: HTTP(S), SAML, SOA, SOAP, REST, web services.
Ability to educate software developers and management regarding common attack vectors such as buffer overflows, SQL injection, CSRF, XSS, etc.



Experienced in infrastructure, web mobile penetration testing
Experience with netsparker, acunetix,metasploit, wireshark, kali linux, nessus etc
Experience/Qualified with (CREST); Offensive Security (OSCP); Tigerscheme (QSTM), CHECK, OWASP, SANS etc
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English (German would also be beneficial but not mandatory).
Ability to write strong technical reports.
Strong knowledge of ASP .net, PHP, Java, Python, Objective C and C#.
Experienced in database (MS SQL, MySQL) and web server (IIS, Apache) skills.
Be passionate about what you do!


Must to have skills :
*Application security
*VAPT
*Code review(Must)
*Threat modeling(Good to have)
*IOT(Good To have)
*Mobile security


We are currently looking for professionals with Application Security years of experience with  3.0 + yrs to 8+ yrs  and who can fulfill the following criteria
Location :  Bangalore
Mandatory Skills:
Responsibilities:
1.     Application Code Review & tool exposure CheckMarx, Fortify, IBM AppScan Source, Veracode
2.     Application Vulnerability Assessment/ Penetration Testing Cenzic, IBM AppScan
3.     Knowledge estimation technique, Good Application Security Concept (OWSAP,CWSS)
4.     Understanding of network & mobile security and tool exposure.
5.     Min one year of hands on experience at TL level or Individual Contributor .        
6.     Mobile security – iOS/Android.
7.     IOT Security.

-----------------------


Job description
Primary Responsibilities
Perform in-depth Red Team engagements within digital and social environments
Intelligence gathering and social engineering
Network and web application penetration testing
Security assessments
Develop innovative tactics, techniques, and procedures.
Assist in preparation of well documented reports identifying weaknesses to include mitigation strategies
 

Professional Experience:

Minimum of 3 years of relevant professional experience
Understanding of Red Team methodologies
Advanced understanding of:
○     Penetration testing (network and web application)

○     Vulnerability scanning and compliance auditing

○     Professional experience or working knowledge of:

■     Source code analysis

■     Advanced network protocol manipulation

■     Social engineering

Experience with web application architecture, encryption fundamentals, & OWASP Top 10
Proficiency using common network and application vulnerability scanning and advanced network mapping tools
○     Examples: Nessus, Qualys, WebInspect, Burp Suite, AppDetective, nmap

Proficiency using an advanced penetration testing tool suite
○     Examples: Metasploit, Cobalt Strike, CANVAS, Core Impact

Participate in computer security incident responses relevant to business (or enterprise wide) and represent respective function and Enterprise position to the business, and business needs to incident response team.
 

Qualifications

A knowledge of adversarial activities in cyberspace with an understanding of intrusion set tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP) with the ability to emulate these TTP to assess vulnerability and risk desired
Wireless, Network and TCP/IP skills along with Unix command, bash scripting, and / or python coding preferred
Knowledge of at least one interpreted and one compiled programming language
Advanced knowledge of multiple operating systems (Windows, Linux, BSD, etc.)
Familiarity with Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) activity; Offensive attack hacker mindset preferred
Excellent technical writing skills and attention to detail
Able to give training and communicate vulnerabilities to developers/managers
Ability to be agile and work in a fast-paced environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
 

Education / Certifications

Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or equivalent.
OSCP, CEH or other relevant industry certification




----------------


Responsibilities

Conduct Vulnerability Assessments, Penetration Testing, OS / Devide hardening checks, Application Security Assessments with commercial and open source tools
Conduct and compile findings on new vulnerabilities and false positive removal
Vulnerability trend analysis, reporting and dashboard creations.
Presenting the proof of concepts and vulnerability posture to the customer and explain the same
Interacting with the stake holder to track the remediations
Abide by the project time lines and maintain project discipline
Mandatory Skills

Two years’ experience in IT, at least 3 years of experience in Manual and automated VA /PT assessment experience with CEH/OSCP certification.
Should have good hands on experience on one of the VA tools like Rapid7 Nexpose, Qualysguard, Tenable Nessus, MacAfee Vulnerability Scanner etc.
Good understanding of the Vulnerability analysis and false positive removal
Hands on experience manual testing and validation of the vulnerabilities
Experience on the Kali Linux and other penetration testing tools
Good knowledge on OWASP top 10 and web application security testing.
Knowledge on Application Security Testing tools like Appscan, acunetix, webinspect etc.
Familiar working with Publicly available exploits codes
Excellent in communication and other soft skills
Additional Skills

Scripting & Automation
Basic understanding of Network Security concepts and Operating Systems
Familiar with basics of TCP/IP and Networking principles
Scripting (PowerShell, Python, Perl Shell/BASH scripting etc.)


-------------------------------------

What will you do?

Responsibilities

Conduct Vulnerability Assessments of Servers, Network and Security Devices using various open source and commercial tools
Map out a network, discover ports and services running on the different exposed network and security devices
Conduct penetration test and launch exploits using Nessus, Metasploit, Backtrack penetration testing distribution tools sets
Research and maintain proficiency in computer network exploitation, tools, techniques, countermeasures, and trends in computer network vulnerabilities, data hiding, network security, and encryption.
Analyze scan reports and suggest remediation / mitigation plan
Keep track of new vulnerabilities on various network and security devices for different vendors
Review software posture and work with operations to plan code version upgrade requirements of supported security and network devices
Advanced technical analysis on intrusions
Audit configuration of Network and Security devices
Providing rich client specific reports

Our Culture Code
All work and no play isn’t how we do things at Airtel. Here, innovation is a way of life and we believe that a dynamic and friendly environment helps our employees strike a healthy work-life balance. Infact, a defining characteristic of life at Airtel is a fun, youthful and vibrant work culture

You are an ideal FIT if you have



CEH, OSCP, CPT , CISM , CISSP preferred
5-8 years in field of IT Security Services
Graduate, Engineering preferred.
MSSP (Managed Security Services Provider) experience supporting multiple customers or infrastructure
Broad background of networks, operating systems (Window, Unix, Linux), firewalls and security engineering concepts;
Knowledge of scripting languages (C++, C#, Perl, CGI, HTML, Java, TCL , Shell) will be added advantage
Should be well-versed with OWASP standard
Strong understanding of browser concepts, HTTP, HTTPs, SSL, Encryption, etc.
 

Leadership/Managerial:

Ability to work independently and as part of a team to achieve desired objectives and project results.
Trusted security and compliance adviser
Project Management for Assessment services
SLA discussions and agreement with customer
Deliverables as per SLA to customer
Delivery quality checks
SLA adherence by Vendor and service quality feedbacks
Contract management with the eco-system partners
Ensuring the resource availability – Quality and Quantity
Vendor payments settlement
Vendor representation in the internal organization
Customer advocacy in internal organization
Process adherence
Delivery opinion to sales/Presales/internal organization
Conduct regular status review meetings with key internal and client stakeholders.
Identification of service enhancement opportunities and driving them through approvals to implementation.
Help internal team on planning wrt change, scale, transition and transformation
Working across all stages including bidding, concept design, project delivery, delivery assurance and working with clients, contractors and other architectural practices.
Provide and supervise technological and technical input within the Architectural team.
 

Person Specification (Behavioral Attributes)

Safeguard - To operate ethically and with integrity, while prioritizing security in all that you do
Be decisive - Know how to prioritize, advocate focus and accountability
Be impactful - Use clear and frequent communications, drive execution and results.
Be client- focused - Be collaborative, innovative and strategic.
Be the role model - Lead by example, demand excellence, maintain safety and integrity as top priorities.



-----------


At PwC, our purpose is to build trust in society and solve important problems. We’re a network of firms in 157 countries with more than 223,000 people who are committed to delivering quality in assurance, advisory and tax services. Find out more and tell us what matters to you by visiting us at www.pwc.com.

PwC India provides comprehensive cyber security services, which not only help businesses to assess, build and manage their cyber security capabilities, but also enable them to respond to incidents and crises.

We are hiring .Net Development Consultant with Application Security background for our office based in Hyderabad.

Key responsibilities:
• Work closely with project teams and understand the business context of the end-to-end solution.
• Proactively plan security testing schedule in waterfall and agile methodologies
• Perform manual security testing of the application using proxy tools such as Burp
• Create automation scripts/tools whenever required to improve the efficiency of security testing
• Use automated scanners to scan the solution and filter false positives
• Recommend security controls and/or corrective actions for mitigating technical and business risk
• Log review findings with appropriate severity and perform regression once they are fixed.
• Setup regular meetings with project teams and provide status updates
• Create reports on assessment findings and participate in triage discussions and customer meetings.

Basic Qualifications:

The following are the basic qualifications for this role:
• 4+ years of experience in application security space
• Strong understanding of web stack (HTTP protocol, client-side libraries, at least one server-side technology), RESTful services, mobile and thick client applications
• Strong technical understanding of common application-level vulnerabilities and their mitigation techniques
• Able to manually identify security issues using any free application proxy tool (without built-in scanners)
• Aware of contemporary happenings, vulnerabilities & mitigations in application security space
• Fundamental concepts in Cryptography, OS, Networking and basic programming in any language.
• Decent understanding of federated authentication concepts (OpenIdConnect, OAuth2.0, WsFed etc.)
• Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Security, or a related field

Additional Qualifications:

One or more of the following is a potential plus:
• Prior experience in Microsoft technology stack – ASP.NET, Web APIs, WPF, Azure etc.
• Participation in Bug Bounty programs, Capture The Flag (CTF) events
• Demonstration of security skills in security meetups/conferences/blogs
• Development of security tools, or hobby projects on GitHub

One or more of the following is a potential minus:
• Reporting security issues using automated security tools with no technical understanding of the issues
• Showcasing security certifications without demonstrating the corresponding conceptual/hands-on skill
• Have not written code in the last one year
